nerd army what is going on guys it is
time for another reaction video right
here on earth Mariah dan we're gonna do
some dragon balls so guys today's video
is suggested by a couple different
subscriber this is going to be the
Battle of the Gods DBZ parody part 1 of
3 so I'm really excited to see this i
love Dragonball i'm a huge fan of dragon
ball z dragon ball z mostly but DBZ
dragonball and GT I like them all but
DBZ will always be number one number one
dragon ball z boom guys so let's get
right into this reaction I'm pretty
excited for this so here we go base
parody I can't believe you just did that
all over the fucking grass apologies
movie 1,000 years and then the making
and pepper sauce just made it worse now
shit but at least you're healthy yeah
you're right but we'll still fucked that
massive turd you just dropped just
attracted Lord bears his attention and
he's coming from pocono unless you
cleanse my balls no but we must inform
King Kai nigahiga
right now can't you see I'm talking I
love that song oh I know and love that
song too the girls won't go home tryna
bring over some bitch try to bring over
those east cobb pitches again right that
one bitch oh khuda KO Kim no she was a
star man that one girl with the halo
when the Dragon Ball sweater you idiot
tell him about lord beerus oh yeah lord
beerus is awakened and he's on his way
to fight goku right but you have a hot
to be a 30 paddy wake up sadly the same
way you walk last time Dukey god you're
not scared of shit here is the what
destroyer nothing just be quiet hey she
calls me destroy her GG cloud you
destroy you yeah when I'm in those cuts
fine but I bet she could use essentially
afterwards huh fuck no she sees a beast
oh oh yeah busy don't do like these time
bitches I don't know King Kai you damn
right you know mr. Joe kill you or not I
so unlucky to problem Jesus Christ go to
see but without their this monkey don't
be like him he always had a banana
somehow and I don't even feed him how
he'll face him Oh tank I can shut the
fuck up
my suit always makes me laugh Oh Lord
queres don't know that is sounds pretty
k Go Go is I right now but my knife
bitch she's your lucky help me train or
I ki blast your fat ass off your own
place o mighty o co-star structure where
is that same God
guys that was funny as fuck oh my god
that was great like I said of a huge DBZ
fan and it is awesome the parent who is
so fucking funny the huge fucking shit
fast that it just starts it off look
it's a huge pile of shit what the funny
guys it was great I was a lot of fun i
am going to react to the other two as
well probably tomorrow i'll work on the
other two but this one was definitely
awesome i'm definitely subscribing to
this channel that was freaking awesome
video guys and like i said i love DBZ
zoom it even better guys let me know
what you guys thought about this video
and my reaction to this video in the
comments section down below make sure
you guys hit that like thumbs-up button
for me if you would be so kind and make
sure you smash that subscribe button to
keep up with me and all the reactions
and everything else I do every single
day guys I'm Andrew you have been
watching Earthrise gruesome